== Splunk Puppet Class

=== About

This Splunk class is designed to deploy a Splunk indexer (splunk::server) and a
number of Splunk lightweight forwarders (splunk::lwf). The design configuration
files provided are intended to have many forwarders forwarding to a single
Splunk indexer over SSL and to enforce SSL certificate names.

==== License

This class is provided under the BSD license. Refer to the accompanying LICENSE 
file for specific details.

=== How to use

This class is designed around having a yum repository set up to provide
centralized access to the Splunk RPMs. Since Splunk does not have their own
repository set up at this time the Splunk class depends on an internal and not
provided class 'tg_yumrepo' to provide the .repo files on nodes.

==== Files to change or add

* Add files/etc/passwd
* Add hostname in files/etc/local/system/lwf-output.conf (change splunk.company.com)
* Add SSL certificates (files/etc/certs)
* Add sslPassword in files/etc/local/system/lwf-output.conf and templates/local/inputs.conf-server.erb
* Add your Splunk license file (copy the free one, or the splunk.license-forwarder)

==== For your indexer

  node 'splunk.company.com' {
    include splunk::server
  }

==== For your lightweight forwarders

  node 'mail.company.com' {
    include splunk::lwf
  }

==== Caveats

In its current implementation splunk::lwf and splunk::server both include
splunk::base to get common files provided to each subclass. This makes it
difficult to have a default node that includes splunk::lwf and a specific node
which is a splunk::server. Your puppetmaster logs will fill up with warnings,
but they appear to be both nonfatal and such that they do not blow away the
splunk::server with splunk::lwf configuration.

We also store SSL passwords in plaintext. Please be aware of this as it will
require some security measures to ensure that unauthorized parties can not read
the files which contain passwords. Take care for your puppetmaster as well as
any source control (such as GitHub).
